it's your fault that corporate profits
aren't high enough and it's your fault
that inflation has gone to the Moon
that's what they're saying anyway you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you in today's video we are
going to talk about just that I want to
show you what the corporations are
deciding your fate will be we're going
to look at the layoffs the companies
that are doing them right now and the
companies that are not I've got a lot of
information I want to cover let's begin
with this leading indicators fall again
but the US appear no closer to recession
leading economic indicators just think
of this like a whole bunch of indicators
put together that generally show us are
we heading into a recession what is the
current status and so on and right now
this looks real weak at this time we can
notice that this has been sort of around
the range of where we would typically
see a recession meaning that we were
like actually in the recession now and
we just haven't admitted it yet but
there's going to come a time at which
we're going to look back in the rear
room mirr and be able to tell exactly
where it was and how it was this is
important because that's where it all
begins fed should stop quantitative
tightening reduce interest rates soon
this is according to the former Bond
King Bill gross and what he had to say
was that you better start cutting rates
in the next few months because the
economy is not as strong as it was
before quantitative Titan
they got to stop that and I have said
previously that the expectation is that
they'll probably start slowing down the
amount of quantitative tightening that
they're doing that will be the first
announcement so right away the first
thing that they did was hey at some
point we're going to start talking about
not increasing interest rates and then
cutting interest rates but the first
action that they will take likely is
that they reduce their quantitative
tightening from currently $80 billion
and then they bring that into let's say
60 or 40 or 20 and so on so Bill gross
had that to say and essentially what
he's talking about is the reality of the
circumstance that it isn't so strong
it's not as it once was we are not in
the 2017 economy right now this is a
sugar high you want to get that stimulus
out there and they did that but they
went overboard and they realize this but
now it's time to pay the price
literally is it real though what is real
well let's look at some of those things
that are real because the stock market's
not real Bond Market's not real either
what is real well let me tell you
disgruntled employees cost the US
companies un estimated $1.9 trillion and
lost productivity last year this is
according to research done by Gallup
that puts a price tag on workplace
unhappiness Okay so they've somehow
figured this out and basically what
they're saying is that people are
unhappy they are quote unquote quiet
quitting and if they're just kind of
sitting around twiddling their thumbs
arms crossed they're not productive and
they are the reason that businesses lost
$1.9
trillion let me tell you by the way that
corporate profits are at a record high
okay whole different story but at the
same time you
trying to have a higher salary so that
you can pay your bills you are creating
the inflation that's called wage
inflation and when it comes in the form
of you know you can't afford your
groceries and so on it it's kind of like
I'm just trying to live but they see
that as wage inflation okay um but
that's the story for today so you get
these two things with the wage inflation
and also the Lost productivity based on
quiet quitting and others that they have
deemed this to be the the situation
today why why is this the case why are
we going through this world now where we
cannot even keep up with the basic
expenses and we could look at the 1970s
we can compare it to today and yeah
that's a big difference many difference
many many differences from the 1970s we
don't even have to take that though we
don't have to look at that far back just
look at the year you know beginning of
2020 and everything seems different
today doesn't it really does and it's
shocking to me to see how rapid the
acceleration has been Tik Tock Believe
It or Not Tik Tock is laying off
employees in an effort to reduce costs
about 60 employees laid off mostly in
the company's sales and advertising
division what's interesting about this
uh by the way it says 7,000 employees
that's that's a big company right um is
that they started to you know by the way
they're growing massively and they also
have Tik Tok shop which is a place that
has been just in the last few months the
billions of dollars that have been spent
through that channel alone and at the
same time they are laying people off why
is this because they always love
companies it doesn't matter if it's tech
companies financial companies or what
have you the first thing that they love
to do is to cut costs particularly with
employees yes they'll cut from here and
there and they'll take away the you know
the free lunches they'll take away the
massages all those things go go as well
but nothing gets shareholders happier
than to see people getting fired that is
ultimately what comes down first as soon
as we see that usually the stock does
well after on on the other hand though
why Walmart pays its truck drivers six
figures an interesting story if you want
to read through this from Freight
waves um what I liked about it I mean it
just shows you everything I'm interested
in shipping Logistics I deal with it all
the time but they talk about how Walmart
deals with their own you know everything
through 2020 right ever since then and
they do pay their truck drivers a lot
more than you would get other places for
the most part on average different from
what the average person in the store
would get but they have a path where you
can actually go from associate to
driver um what they're saying is we want
to pay them a good salary part of that
was we couldn't get any good people to
go out into these little towns you
remember how it worked with Walmart you
had a little town with the mom and pop
shops Walmart comes in they basically
eliminate all the jobs and there they
become the only game in town but they're
the master of logistics they can get
that stuff from China they could put it
on the boat they could put it at the
Port they pick it up on those containers
put those on the ship on the on the
truck excuse me and get those over to
the Walmarts the problem though is that
they could not get it there for you know
efficiently as they would like it
because they couldn't find enough
drivers so now they pay them these
levels and they have apparently a
fantastic crew they employ I think it's
14,000 truck drivers paying them six
figures to start by the way it seemed
like and so that's what's done there's a
job that not everybody wants to do if
the job is in abundance there's so many
of them well then you spread yourself
thin and uh you can't get the salaries
you want it depends on how sought after
that is that's why companies like open
AI are willing to pay several hundred, a
year because that's the latest craze
that's the new thing but if everybody
becomes an AI engineer well then not
going to do as good here we have it the
tech layoffs that have been going on
right here which is you'll see you know
just look at at Wayfair and Google and
others that you may recognize through it
this is already like 2024 has just
begun and already
we're seeing Mass layoffs this is not
going to stop it's going to continue
right the reason it's going to continue
is because we have yet to get out of
this zone of tightening as soon as they
get into the time frame of hey we're in
back in the easy money well then things
will change companies will hire and
things will ultimately go into the
kicking the Ken down the
road and this is um you know something
that will in fact be a problem for
some Sean if you're listening check this
out this is a robot that can take a
blueprint and actually print it on the
floor so where the pipes are going to go
where all the different wiring is going
to go all of that perfectly to the 116th
of an inch
accuracy it will then print that not
just the lines if I scroll down here
you're going to see it for yourself not
just the lines but all the detail if you
could see that all the detail listed
right there on the floor now that's just
one small aspect of course of
construction that doesn't mean
everybody's job is gone tomorrow but now
we figured out a way to potentially
improve the process there still needs to
be a guy there he has to push one button
and that's it so I'm not sure exactly
what his uh
I don't know how long he'll be around
for the point is this is going to be the
evolution where we are relying on the
machines and the AI to do the positions
we once did before and the
inevitability is that they are going to
probably do it better think about that
surgeon who's working on you who's got
shaky hands because last night he didn't
sleep too well maybe he had something to
drink maybe this and that well now
you've got a 100% perfect surgeon each
and every time that robot doesn't make
mistakes they don't leave the sponge in
you after they''re done your surgery
everything could be automated and
perfected I don't know seems kind of
wild to me but you tell
me I want to know something if you
personally are interested in getting the
latest information that I can't get to
here and by the way it's only a matter
of time before I got to stop making the
videos you got to join me on the lives
okay that's I'm getting new new people
joining in just recently and I think
it's fantastic because I can take an
entire 2hour session every single week
to give you the information that you
need to know I can't do that that on
here obviously okay we're we're
condensed for time and I just love the
group great group of people if you are
interested in finding out about that I
have the link in the description below I
want to see you there I want to see you
there each and every week because that's
where you're going to get the absolute
best they're already people in that
group are already aware of everything
that's been happening right now because
it is all a step-by-step plan and I just
outline it for them each and every week
so click that link in the description
and I'll see you tomorrow take care